in this project we attempt to develop a blockchain protocol mean to run on web3.0
used in the Medical/Health sector.
the way that blockchain technology and web3.0 work have already been established
so in this chapter we will be focusing on how the technology is applicable on 
the mentioned areas.
Health records and prescriptions are very sensetive pieces of information 
and must be handled with extreme care so as to not get into the wrong hands.
It is also worth mentioning that this project is also an attempt to give back
some of the freedom of choice to the user, by allowing them to decide for themselves
who and what they want to share of their personal medical information.
The way that this system will work is through a 3 part process.
part 1 the doctor will assign a prescription to a patient. lets call them doc1 and
pat1 for example sake;
the doctor will use pat1's public encryption key to cypher the prescription and
upload it into the blockchain.
part 2 the patient will leave the doctor's office and go to the pharmacy where he will 
be able to access the blockaid's blockchain.
part 3 using the private key the user will decrypt their prescription and get the appropriate 
medication.


currently the main  issue is to decide how the network architechture will be.
we have established that it doesnt make any sense whatsoever to use a private blockchain 
for the effects of applying the project on web3.0.
That said its important to define who are the agents responsible for mining and validating
the blocks. Without this important question unanswered the project would have no relevancy.
It would be unwise to assign the ownership of the majority of the network to any given organiztion
or government. The alternative is to have the blockchain be distributed by some user that
would have more to gain if the integrity of the blockchain is maintained.
The essence of our dilema currently is to establish what is reward for supporting this blockchain.
Its important to note that allowing certain users more functionalities of the blockchain
or introducing a cryptocoin seems like an unethical and useless answer.
